Add Migration docs (#40)
wso2/docs-mg: en/docs/install-and-setup/configuration-for-wso2-api-manager.md

    - [Configuring the Microgateway 3.2.x Toolkit](#configuring-the-microgateway-32x-toolkit)
    - [Configuring the Microgateway 3.2.x Runtime](#configuring-the-microgateway-32x-runtime)
  - [Configuring Microgateway 3.2.x Runtime with Older API Manager Versions](#configuring-microgateway-32x-runtime-with-older-api-manager-versions)
      - [Enable Legacy Key Manager](#enable-legacy-key-manager)
      - [Disable Event Hub Configuration](#disable-event-hub-configuration)
      - [Change the Throttling Server URL](#change-the-throttling-server-url)
      - [Change the Token Revocation Endpoint URL](#change-the-token-revocation-endpoint-url)
      - [Set the Analytics Stream Version](#set-the-analytics-stream-version)

### Configuring the Microgateway 3.2.x Toolkit

1.  Add the public certificate of WSO2 API Manager to the trust store.

    !!! info
        Refer the documentation on [Importing Certificates to the API Microgateway Truststore]({{base_url}}/how-tos/security/importing-certificates-to-the-api-microgateway-truststore/) for more information.

    - Export the public certificate of WSO2 API Manager.

>     A sample command is given below.
> 
>     ``` java
>         keytool -export -alias wso2carbon -file wso2carbon.crt -keystore <API-M_HOME>/repository/resources/security/wso2carbon.jks

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    ```tab="Example"
    keytool -export -alias wso2carbon -file wso2carbon.crt -keystore <API-M_HOME>/repository/resources/security/wso2carbon.jks
```

    ```

    - Import the certificate to the trust store in the Microgateway Toolkit.

>     ``` java
>         keytool -import -trustcacerts -alias wso2carbon2 -file wso2carbon.crt -keystore <MGW_TOOLKIT_HOME>/lib/platform/bre/security/ballerinaTruststore.p12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```tab="Example"
    keytool -import -trustcacerts -alias wso2carbon2 -file wso2carbon.crt -keystore <MGW_TOOLKIT_HOME>/lib/platform/bre/security/ballerinaTruststore.p12
```

    ```

2.  Change the REST API version and DCR version to be compatible with the WSO2 API Manager.

    | API Manager version | REST API version | DCR version |
    |---------------------|------------------|-------------|
    | 2.6.0               | v0.14            | v0.14       |
    | 3.0.0               | v1.0             | v0.15       |
    | 3.1.0               | v1.1             | v0.16       |
    | 3.2.0               | v1.2             | v0.17       |

    Open the `<MGW_TOOLKIT_HOME>/conf/toolkit-config.toml` file and change the `restVersion` and **dcrVersion** accordingly.

### Configuring the Microgateway 3.2.x Runtime
1.  Add the public certificate of WSO2 API Manager to the trust store.

    !!! info
        Refer the documentation on [Importing Certificates to the API Microgateway]({{base_url}}/how-tos/security/importing-certificates-to-the-api-microgateway-truststore/) for more information.

    - Export public certificate of WSO2 API Manager.

>     A sample command is given below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     ```java
>         keytool -export -alias wso2carbon -file wso2carbon.crt -keystore <API-M_HOME>/repository/resources/security/wso2carbon.jks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```tab="Example"
    keytool -export -alias wso2carbon -file wso2carbon.crt -keystore <API-M_HOME>/repository/resources/security/wso2carbon.jks
```

    ```

>     - Import the certificate using the command given below, to the trust store in the Microgateway runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Import the certificate to the trust store of the Microgateway Runtime.
```

>     ```java
>         keytool -import -trustcacerts -alias wso2carbon2 -file wso2carbon.crt -keystore <MGW_RUNTIME_HOME>/runtime/bre/security/ballerinaTruststore.p12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```tab="Example"
    keytool -import -trustcacerts -alias wso2carbon2 -file wso2carbon.crt -keystore <MGW_RUNTIME_HOME>/runtime/bre/security/ballerinaTruststore.p12
```

    ```

2.  Open the `<MGW_RUNTIME_HOME>/conf/micro-gw.conf` file. Add the alias (e.g. wso2carbon2) to the truststore to corresponding configurations.
    
    For example, to configure the JWT authentication for API Manager JWTs, add the following JWT issuer configuration to the `micro-gw.conf` .

>     ``` java

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```tab="Example"
```

            certificateAlias="wso2carbon2"
            validateSubscription = false
    ```

You can now successfully invoke APIs through the Microgateway using the JWT tokens issued by WSO2 API Manager.

## Configuring Runtime for Older API Manager Versions

When you use Microgateway 3.2.0 runtime with older versions of WSO2 API Manager (2.6.0, 3.0.0 or 3.1.0), please do the below configurations in the `<MGW_RUNTIME_HOME>/conf/micro-gw.conf` file.

#### Enable Legacy Key Manager

```tab="Example"
    [keyManager]
    enableLegacyMode = true
```

This enables using the API Manager key validation service for opaque token validation. 

#### Disable Event Hub Configuration

```tab="Example"
    [apim.eventHub]
    enable = false
```

Apim Event hub is used for retrieving API, Application and subscription created in API Manager. This is only available in API Manager 3.2.0.

#### Change the Throttling Server URL

```tab="Example"
    [throttlingConfig.dataRetriever]
    serverUrl = "https://{API-M_HOST}:{API-M_PORT}/throttle/data/v1"
```

#### Change the Token Revocation Endpoint URL

```tab="Example"
    [tokenRevocationConfig.persistent]

>     endpointURL = "https://{API-M_HOST}:{API-M_PORT}/throttle/data/v1"

Reviewer 2: Is this example or format of the config? {API-M_HOST}:{API-M_PORT} are not known properties

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/wso2/docs-mg/pull/40/commits/ce01f07681de7fbc80cd3d29cb95bf84c254aa45

>         validateSubscription = false

Reviewer: Change the indentation inside the block as below
```
    ```tab="Example"
    [[jwtTokenConfig]]
        issuer="https://localhost:9443/oauth2/token"
        audience="http://org.wso2.apimgt/gateway"
        certificateAlias="wso2carbon2"
        validateSubscription = false
    ```
```

    ```

You can now successfully invoke APIs through the Microgateway using the JWT tokens issued by WSO2 API Manager.

## Configuring Microgateway 3.2.x Runtime with Older API Manager Versions

> When you use Microgateway 3.2.0 runtime with older versions of WSO2 API Manager (2.6.0, 3.0.0 or 3.1.0), please do the below configurations in the {MGW_RUNTIME_HOME}/conf/micro-gw.conf file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use Microgateway 3.2.0 runtime with older versions of WSO2 API Manager (2.6.0, 3.0.0 or 3.1.0), please do the below configurations in the `<MGW_RUNTIME_HOME>/conf/micro-gw.conf` file.
```

#### Enable Legacy Key Manager

> ``` java
>     [keyManager]
>     enableLegacyMode = true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```tab="Example"
[keyManager]
    enableLegacyMode = true
```

```

This enables using the API Manager key validation service for opaque token validation. 

#### Disable Event Hub Configuration

> ``` java
>     [apim.eventHub]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```tab="Example"
[apim.eventHub]
```

    enable = false
```

Apim Event hub is used for retrieving API, Application and subscription created in API Manager. This is only available in API Manager 3.2.0.

#### Change the Throttling Server URL

> ``` java
>     [throttlingConfig.dataRetriever]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```tab="Example"
[throttlingConfig.dataRetriever]
```

    serverUrl = "https://{API-M_HOST}:{API-M_PORT}/throttle/data/v1"
```

#### Change the Token Revocation Endpoint URL

> ``` java
>     [tokenRevocationConfig.persistent]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```tab="Example"
[tokenRevocationConfig.persistent]
```

    endpointURL = "https://{API-M_HOST}:{API-M_PORT}/throttle/data/v1"
```

#### Set the Analytics Stream Version

> ``` java
>     [analytics]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```tab="Example"
[analytics]
```
